Feature/license compliance (#11)
Element84/titiler-mosaicjson: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Development - Contributing

> For most issues, we recommend opening a PR against the upstream Devseed project.  We still pull from the upstream frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most issues, we recommend opening a PR against the upstream TiTiler project maintained by Development Seed. We still pull from the upstream frequently.
```
